
# From bookmarks :

https://heredragonsabound.blogspot.com/

http://mewo2.com/notes/terrain/

https://www.google.com/search?q=medieval+city+plans&tbm=isch

https://gamedev.stackexchange.com/questions/122015/how-to-generate-a-city-street-network#

https://www.theguardian.com/cities/2015/jun/30/how-build-city-step-by-step-diy-guide

http://experilous.com/1/blog/post/procedural-planet-generation

https://github.com/mewo2/naming-language

https://www.tmwhere.com/city_generation.html

https://doc-00-64-apps-viewer.googleusercontent.com/viewer/secure/pdf/qu4l834sj4tvurvh874oreqi176gn1qt/80fj86mctechcfpq4aa6vqlfd4cdug67/1579272000000/drive/07856247601046551936/ACFrOgBkWZ9xsk_0IUYEHkhYJaiZc318vLIEG7l-nvr4MT7RCYeVnej_boXQPhMDRYBqeROqHbdM1YW-rFfaSnocC5dVJkSQqNERTdmXcs46Sv3MNVNlluLhLigy5RQq8EhLU1M344O0jvU2HFDi?print=true&nonce=sl97m4kbl71p4&user=07856247601046551936&hash=vgoece1mut5bdne6r83cp3slm5qdrlts

https://stackexchange.com/search?q=tectonic+plates

https://www.mathopenref.com/radians.html

http://pytectonics.sourceforge.net/index.shtml

https://perso.liris.cnrs.fr/eric.galin/Articles/2019-planets.pdf

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Geodynamics

https://ccl.northwestern.edu/rp/cities/core.shtml

https://imgur.com/gallery/rnyN9WZ

https://developpaper.com/three-js-simulation-to-realize-the-function-of-planetary-system-in-solar-system/

https://visualstudiomagazine.com/articles/2016/09/01/working-with-indexeddb.aspx

https://stackoverflow.com/questions/8410667/object-pools-in-high-performance-javascript

https://worldbuildingpasta.blogspot.com/p/blog-page.html

https://imgur.com/a/Cb5ri

https://www.redblobgames.com/x/1843-planet-generation/#more



# Interesting :

https://github.com/nemo9955/make-world

https://terrarray.itch.io/orbis-multiplex

interesting branching patter, maybe usefull for rivers/textures ?
https://observablehq.com/@makio135/confined-trees

js graph lib : dagrejs/graphlib
https://github.com/dagrejs/graphlib

https://deep-fold.itch.io/pixel-planet-generator
https://www.reddit.com/r/proceduralgeneration/comments/nt38li/a_pixel_planet_generator_this_project_is_already/
https://github.com/Deep-Fold/PixelPlanets


# Sphere stuff :
Circles and spheres - In what follows are various notes and algorithms dealing with circles and spheres.
http://paulbourke.net/geometry/circlesphere/

Tiling a sphere with diagonal squares
https://www.redblobgames.com/x/1932-sphere-healpix/

Tiling a sphere with squares
https://www.redblobgames.com/x/1938-square-tiling-of-sphere/


Fibonacci points, Delaunay triangles, Voronoi regions
https://github.com/redblobgames/1843-planet-generation


# Points stuff :
1 Million Points in Three.js
https://observablehq.com/@joewdavies/1-million-points-in-three-js

three points examples :
https://threejs.org/examples/?q=point#webgl_interactive_raycasting_points

Three.js Optimize Lots of Objects
https://threejsfundamentals.org/threejs/lessons/threejs-optimize-lots-of-objects.html


Three.js + delaunator (Delaunay triangulation)
https://codepen.io/prisoner849/pen/bQWOjY

https://hofk.de/main/discourse.threejs/2018/Triangulation/Triangulation.html


# climate and simulations :
https://www.reddit.com/r/proceduralgeneration/comments/mpq2vs/its_rain_season/


badlands model
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3mu0qg-m0gUdbNWQxzuQnw


island sim :
https://www.reddit.com/r/proceduralgeneration/comments/8lh8ol/procedural_island/

https://dood.al/test/island/
view-source:https://dood.al/test/island/


# Procedrural city :
https://www.reddit.com/r/proceduralgeneration/comments/n6khor/wip_hierarchical_poisson_disks_for_city_landmark/

https://www.reddit.com/r/proceduralgeneration/comments/n3id9t/wip_attempt_at_a_homegrown_pattern_creation/

Not actual city, but districts and stuff
https://www.reddit.com/r/generative/comments/nsl4m6/my_take_on_a_classic_p5js/


# Procedural Tectonic Planets
https://www.britannica.com/science/plate-tectonics

https://www.reddit.com/r/proceduralgeneration/comments/dudauc/simulating_tectonic_plates_on_a_sphere_details_in/


https://perso.liris.cnrs.fr/eric.galin/Articles/2019-planets.pdf
https://www.redblobgames.com/x/1843-planet-generation/


Clustered Convection for Procedural Plate Tectonics
https://weigert.vsos.ethz.ch/2020/12/03/clustered-convection-for-simulating-plate-tectonics/



# for editing roads and lines and stuff :
Interaction with Points - @author prisoner849
https://hofk.de/main/discourse.threejs/2018/Interaction%20with%20Points/Interaction%20with%20Points.html

interactiveShape - @author prisoner849
https://hofk.de/main/discourse.threejs/2018/interactiveShape/interactiveShape.html


# draw shape wsing lots of sprite points
clampLength - @author prisoner849
https://hofk.de/main/discourse.threejs/2018/clampLength/clampLength.html


https://hofk.de/main/discourse.threejs/2018/Points%20to%20Sphere/Points%20to%20Sphere.html

https://hofk.de/main/discourse.threejs/2018/Points%20to%20Sphere%20uniformly/Points%20to%20Sphere%20uniformly.html


# Noise

https://www.reddit.com/r/proceduralgeneration/comments/ncizfs/i_created_a_library_to_very_easily_include_many/

# REALISTIC STUFF  :

https://www.fs.fed.us/psw/cirmount/meetings/agu/pdf2011/Stephenson_talk_AGU2011.pdf

http://www.mit.edu/~jessicav/6.S198/Blog_Post/ProceduralGeneration.html

http://entropicparticles.com/procedure-for-rivers-and-lakes

Could be nice for sun effects or black holes in the background
https://www.reddit.com/r/proceduralgeneration/comments/nqnr2z/an_accretion_disk_develops/


# WORDS and language generation

http://www.namenerds.com/scottish/scotss.html !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

https://www.mithrilandmages.com/utilities/MedievalBrowse.php?letter=A&fms=S

https://donjon.bin.sh/code/name/ !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

https://gist.github.com/swenzel/70beac153cdf23803f89 JavaScript random word generator

http://mewo2.com/notes/naming-language/

https://github.com/ryelle/naming-language ryelle/naming-language


